[Music]
Hello friends and friends of the channel,
well, well, well, tremendous eight ovens
yesterday afternoon the sálvame and it's that
one of the least the two together because
as always they are dressed it said table and
the suit is caught let's say they didn't have to
leave the set of
sálvame due to an alleged
anxiety attack but come on this seems like
a theater to me a farce what a mother of mine let's see
the thing is that Kiko Hernandez was
presenting the program and to come out as
Kiko Hernandez many times he does
things out of malice but other times he
does them in a joking way or rather inside he's getting fed up with the
king well it turns out
that the media wanted to give their opinion but of
course doing like this in the comments
interrupting the others I don't know what and
Kiko Hernandez stops for a moment the
program says to him, hey look, are you going to
shut up that he's interrupting that you
're there with the rumor is that it doesn't
let us speak we want to collaborate
while the Americas were
giving themselves that they didn't let him speak he only
knew how to do the  I flatter and flatter my
colleagues saying that all the
collaborators are very great, very
professional and we want to reach
your level, do you want to reach the
level of the collaborators of Sálvame,
my goodness, look more at work at the
brewery and you start screaming with the
four tables there we go, what's the point of
this please, anyway, when they
were going to change the subject suddenly they leave
the set and one of the typical
scenes that happen on Sálvame almost
daily occurs, I mean, almost daily on Sálvame
there are scenes inside the set while they
are talking about the topics but then you
know that every so often they go to the bathroom
one goes crying outside the corridors
of Telecinco and the camera goes behind him, well, he
is having a supposed
anxiety attack that I can tell you that is not
an anxiety attack because I know what
this is and the first thing I would have to
do would be to tear the dress to
separate you from your sister, okay, the stress
that comes over you because it comes over you no matter what, it's
terrible, I don't know if you have
experienced it on some occasion but that is it, let's go  it feels really
really bad if you have
an anxiety attack like you can't
breathe like you're short of breath but you can't lie
down you can't stay still you can't
lie down like it's overwhelming you walks
back and forth comes out the first thing she would do
would be rip her dress and
separate from her sister and she wouldn't stand
a camera broadcasting with her in
the bathroom I mean she's having an
anxiety attack and she grabs the camera and goes after
you to the bathroom and the camera on top of you and erc and they've
thrown water in a joking way
that only the device puts on your
head under the tap healthy no no what a
spectacle to put on the most
pathetic thing
but oh well they're the little things they're not the ones
achieved from Sálvame we decided to give our opinion
because the measurements are there and now when I
know I really like the heart I really
like gossip in fact my
channels 95% I think are about
gossip and salt it's removed whether they're
from YouTube or about
TV things but
this is a bit that they take it as a
garbage program like it doesn't make sense
He believes that it is not only about
continuing but about humiliating the
characters that work
within the program, that is to say, less those
chosen by hand. Kiko Hernández is never
humiliated, neither are some, nor others,
but the collaborators and
journalists who are there giving their opinions
when they don't have to disguise them.
When it's not a very strange thing,
tell me what you think, he's reading the
comments box. God sends you a huge hug.
[Music]